Neighborhood Safety Notice
 
November 9, 2017
  
We are sharing this news on behalf of the Columbus Division of Police for a crime that occurred in the off-campus area.
On 11/3/17, at approximately 9:19 p.m., a female Ohio State student was walking in the off-campus area and was assaulted by an unknown male. She reported to Columbus Police that she was walking with friends near the intersection of Frambes Ave. and Waldeck Ave. when a male ran at her and grabbed her chest, prior to fleeing on foot.
The suspect is described a white male, standing 5¡¯11¡± tall and weighing 190-200 pounds with shaggy blond hair. At the time of the incident, he was wearing a white, short-sleeved jersey with a block ¡°O,¡± dark shorts, and a dark cross-body satchel.
The Columbus Division of Police is actively investigating and we encourage anyone with information related to this crime to call CPD at 614-645-4545. Persons wishing to remain anonymous may contact Central Ohio Crime Stoppers at 614-461-TIPS (8477).
 
As a reminder, sexual assault is any sexual activity that occurs in the absence of consent and can include sexual activity with someone whose judgment is impaired by alcohol/drugs, whether ingested voluntarily or unknowingly. Responsibility lies with the perpetrator, not the survivor. No one deserves, asks for, or provokes sexual assault. Most perpetrators assault someone they know, although that was not the case in this instance. Sexual assault occurs in all communities and people of all genders can be survivors. Additional resources are available at: http://advocacy.osu.edu/sexual-violence/ (link is external).
Crimes are never the fault of the survivor. We remind you to increase your overall safety by being cautious and looking out for one another; being aware of your surroundings and looking assertive; walking with a trusted friend or co-worker, when possible; if a situation makes you feel uncomfortable or unsafe, choose an alternative. Please utilize transportation services, when possible, and take advantage of our additional safety resources, such as the Student Safety Service Safe Ride program: https://dps.osu.edu/safe-ride (link is external)
 
