Neighborhood Safety Notice:

We are sharing this news on behalf of the Columbus Division of Police for a crime that occurred in the off-campus area. 

On 9/22/17, at approximately 12:40 a.m., Lonnie Sturdivant was issued a summons after two women reported being groped by him at a bar in the area of Frambes Avenue and High Street. One woman is an Ohio State student.

Sturdivant was recently released from jail after serving just under one year for similar conduct and has been convicted of numerous sexual related offenses. He is currently banned from Ohio State¡¯s campus and has a history of groping women in a variety of public places. 

Sturdivant stands 6¡¯0¡± and weighs 200 pounds. A photo is available on our DPS website <https://dps.osu.edu/news/2017/09/22/neighborhood-safety-notice-september-22-2017> . We ask our community to call University Police (614-292-2121) if he is seen on campus property.

Becoming the victim of any crime is no one's fault. We remind you to increase your overall safety by being cautious and looking out for one another; being aware of your surroundings and looking assertive; walking with a trusted friend or co-worker, when possible; if a situation makes you feel uncomfortable or unsafe, choose an alternative. Please utilize transportation services, when possible, and take advantage of our additional safety resources, such as the Student Safety Service Safe Ride program: https://dps.osu.edu/safe-ride 

As a reminder, sexual assault is any sexual activity that occurs in the absence of consent and can include sexual activity with someone whose judgment is impaired by alcohol/drugs, whether ingested voluntarily or unknowingly. Responsibility lies with the perpetrator, not the survivor. No one deserves, asks for, or provokes sexual assault. Most perpetrators assault someone they know. Sexual assault occurs in all communities and people of all genders can be survivors. Additional resources are available at: http://advocacy.osu.edu/sexual-violence/.

If you see something suspicious, call University Police at 614-292-2121 or (off-campus) Columbus Police at 614-645-4545. Always dial 9-1-1 in an emergency.