Dear Ohio State Community Member:

You are receiving this notice because a crime has occurred that is considered to be of a concern and/or a continuing threat to the campus community.

The purpose of this message is to heighten your safety awareness by providing community members with information necessary to take appropriate precautions, enable you to take actions to help increase your safety, and to aid in the prevention of similar crimes.

This notice does not mean there has been an increase in crime or that any specific crime pattern exists.

 

On 10/14/17, at approximately 12:12 p.m., an unknown male entered the Thompson Library and appeared to be following a female student. The female student became uncomfortable by his presence and left the area. The man then left the building. Police believe the unknown male is the same individual reported to have previously committed public indecency in the library.

Information is being shared so community members can take precautions and be alert. A photo of the suspect is below. He is described as a black male, between the ages of 25 and 35, with a black goatee and mustache. Reports indicate he was last seen wearing a white baseball hat, white rimmed sunglasses, a gray t-shirt, black pants and black tennis shoes with white soles. 

OSU Police is actively investigating and the community should call 614-292-2121 if the suspect seen in the campus area. 

Victims are never at fault when crimes occur. We remind you to increase your overall safety by being cautious and looking out for one another; being aware of your surroundings and looking assertive; walking with a trusted friend or co-worker, when possible; if a situation makes you feel uncomfortable or unsafe, choose an alternative. Please do not leave valuables unattended and remember to lock your doors and windows. Utilize transportation services, when possible, and take advantage of our additional safety resources, such as the Student Safety Service Safe Ride program: https://dps.osu.edu/safe-ri 
